Nancy we've already talked about single
design placement but wow look what
you're wearing it's not difficult at all
as long as you have a template to place
all the designs whether they're multiple
or single use a template now when you
talk templates you're talking a
different type of template than what we
template than what we just showed this
is a template of the embroidery design
that you're actually going to stitch and
any software that you have no matter
what brand will let you print the screen
you'll go to file print and it will
print the embroidery design in actual
size there's a crosshair here and that's
an important feature often there's an
arrow pointing to the top of the
embroidery design there isn't one here
but we can most certainly add it with a
marker and darken it so you can see then
but let's talk about what kind of paper
to use this is standard copy paper
readily available inexpensive but you
can't see through it very well so the
other option is to go to the scrap
booking section and by vellum nice it's
very strong so this would last for a
very long and someone transparent but
then the most economical and you can see
through it at the same time as your
technique it's tracing paper now the
beauty of tracing paper like you said
it's so translucent but it's also kind
of because it is so translucent it's
very thin and it has a tendency to
crinkle and maybe get eaten up by your
printer we don't want to have that so
you've taped it to a piece of copy paper
I did I took it strip of transparent
tape eight and a half inches wide and
taped these two pieces of paper together
feet is your the printer taped edge
first now you know chances are you'll
feed it through and it will print on the
copy paper side but you'll learn which
way is up and then you'll be able to
insert it properly now the tissue paper
isn't going to be pre-cut so you'll cut
it eight and a half by eleven right so
what three great ways of working with it
and you showed the paper doll method is
you talked about you can cut these out
to a smaller size there's also some
pretty important information that's
printed on the template there will be
the
number of stitches in the design how
many color changes there are maybe the
actual size often this is good to keep
in a binder for a reference